hey without info text but not one here
bring you guys a quick update about
madden ultimate team there's a couple
things I want addressing this video
first one being about marquette king
thank you to all that participate in
this campaign I was running for the 90
°c for King from marquette because
Madden has heard our cries and they
upgraded the guy speed and they got him
on 86 feet I'm very very happy about
that and at least we know we can kind of
change some stuff in this game
admittedly was a small feature all they
had to do is go to the system is at an
82 it but it is actually really cool
that they actually changed it's got a
funny kind of teasing me on Twitter they
sweet it out market king speed has been
updated hashtag 86 speed for Kings so I
found that very very fun in their sense
of humor is kind of kind of making fun
of me but I'm cool with that book a lot
of guys saying this might be a stupid
stupid cause is dumb because marquette
King now it's gonna cheese have you guys
played this game you guys even put the
ball because there is no formation where
the punter keeps the ball on a fake
plant no punter keeps the ball is always
the damn fullback who or could be it
could be a halfback smarty fastener
punters so I don't understand why
everybody's make a big deal about this
also people saying that this is not a
good cause you're right this is a dumb
cause a lot of things broken with this
game that I'm not really caring about
but I just wanted him to get 86 speed or
90 speed he got what he deserved I'm
cool with that and this is just huge for
gameplay wise imagine if you have a
putter that can probably catch up with a
slower DeSean Jackson least get to them
and slow them down for other guys get
there and tackle I'm cool with that is
the height is gonna be a permanent start
on my team there's no pun in this game
that can come out with better speed or
with better kick power that I'm gonna go
and pick up because this guy can do it
all and admittedly he's not gonna tackle
but as long as he can slow down a kick
returner I'm completely cool with it so
I'm having 86 feet is a great great
success for us and thank you once again
for everybody that participated in that
not easy for King campaign and I'll be
right back with a sloppy edit more than
likely over the other issue at the
address and right here the second issue
yesterday my video I mentioned that EA
Sports said that they will be removing
legendary challenges and collection from
the game and that second tweet says this
does not include elite madden 25 legend
just legendary content so based off that
sweet I don't know how I'm supposed to
interpret that any different I'm looking
at right now said elite man 25 legends
and those in my book in my opinion it
Liam had in 25 legends or the julius
peppers are the charles woodson
collection stuff like that the legend
legends are the thomas or the michael
irvin so i don't understand the
interpretation they're making here and
everybody said I was wrong about this
and everybody was mentioning my videos
so i figured i'd make a follow-up is
putting this so you guys can see for
yourselves now I'm not saying I'm 107
out cuz everybody's saying I'm wrong and
usually and everybody singer wrong nine
times out of 10 you may be wrong but
because of the way it is written and of
course is Twitter only 140 characters or
what you can get your point across in
and they probably could have worked a
little bit better but saying elite
matter 25 legends how am I supposed to
interpret any difference so like I said
I might be wrong about this entire deal
you might still better get that
legendary collections done once thing
once other clicks fun at the game on
Saturday but I'm not completely sure and
I thought that I might have kid you got
some good news about that still has a
head start but everybody saying I was
wrong so I figure I make it make a
follow up video discussing that
completely but I don't know how you guys
feel others in the comment section below
did I interpret it wrong or without just
blatantly wrong because by the looks of
it everybody was right and I was wrong
but I'm thinking that it leave Matt 25
letting legendary content would just be
the Charles Woodson the NAM be all saw
stuff like that not legend legends so
like once again i might be wrong but I
don't think I am but then again I might
be I'm so so on the fence about this
right now I but yeah I've never had
anybody like in the conversation that
that many people saying I was wrong so I
figured it was very necessary for me to
make a follow up video discussing depth
but hey talk about the comment section
below on the Texas boy hope you guys
enjoyed the video drop a like on it if
you did on the Texas boy I am out of
this mother bleep er pues